Add shield for Adafruit Featherwing 128x32 OLED (#92751)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/shields/adafruit_featherwing_128x32_OLED/doc/index.rst

.. _adafruit_featherwing_128x32_OLED:

Adafruit FeatherWing 128 x 32 OLED
##################################

Overview
********

The Adafruit FeatherWing with a resolution of 128x32 pixels, is based on
the SSD1306 controller. More information about the shield can be found
at the `Adafruit website`_.

Pins Assignment of the Adafruit 
========================================================

+-----------------------+---------------------------------------------+
| Shield Connector Pin  | Function                                    |
+=======================+=============================================+

> +-----------------------+---------------------------------------------+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| SDA                   | SSD1306 I2C SDA                             |
+-----------------------+---------------------------------------------+
| SCL                   | SSD1306 I2C SCL                             |
+-----------------------+---------------------------------------------+
| GPIO5                 | Button C (INPUT_KEY_3)                      |
+-----------------------+---------------------------------------------+
| GPIO6                 | Button B (INPUT_KEY_2)                      |
+-----------------------+---------------------------------------------+

> | GPIO9                 | Button A (INPUT_KEY_1)                      |

Reviewer: update INPUT_KEY_x here if you implement the change from the other comment

+-----------------------+---------------------------------------------+

.. note::

Requirements
************

> This shield can only be used with a board which provides a configuration for Feather connectors and
> defines a node aliases for I2C (see :ref:`shields` for more details).
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: clean up blank lines + small typos

```suggestion

This shield can only be used with a board which provides a configuration for Feather connector and
defines a node alias for I2C (see :ref:`shields` for more details).

```
